

Q.1 Write a program in C to create a linked list of 3 nodes which stores integer values. Add one more node in the begining of linked list & Display the list.

Q.2 Create a stack of 5 names in Java.

Q.3 Create an interface I1, Abstract class A1. Make a class Demo which inherit I1 & A1. I1 has a method getArea() and A1 has an absract method as getFactorial().
   Demo class calculates the Area of circle & also factorial of the number which user enters.

Q.4 Create a Thread class on implementing Runnable interface . Also the same Thread class extends another class and displays info of that class also.

Q.5 Define a function in the PLSQL which accepts the age of a student and returns the year of birth.Create a servlet to display the Year of birth based on the entered 
   age of a student.Make a JSP page to take age as input and sends it to the servlet
 
Q.6 Create a procedure in the PLSQL which deletes a record from the database table.

Q.7 Make two servlets and write the configuration details of database driver in the web.xml file. Both servlets get the same information from web.xml file .One of the
   servlet is adding information of the employee in database and second servlet is displaying all information from the database. Information can be about any Product.


Q.8 Create a table in the database which stores the records of 5 books like bookId, BookTitle, Author,Price.Make a servlet which access all the details of the books
   from database and display on the web page created dynamically.


Q.9 Create a Class Customer where custId,Cname,Ccity should be declared as memebers . Define getter & setter method in this class which sets the values for customer.
   Create a servlet and a JSP Page. In Jsp page make a form which takes custId, Cname and Ccity from user and these details should be submitted into the Customer 
   class and through this class all data should be saved into the database. 

Q.10 Create 4 text boxes and a submit button in Angular View. Take firstname,lastname,email and age as an input. When clicked on the submit button All entered details 
   should be displayed in the same page. Use Two way binding.

Q.11 Create two components Parent and child.In child component, create an array of 4 employee records as name,email,age,city . Make a button in the child view .Once 
   clicked on the button, All records from the  the child should be displayed in the Parent view. Use child to Parent data transfer concept.

Q.12 Create a service which stores name,email and age of 5 students in the array of objects. Make 2 components Parent & child. Create a button in the child component
   when button is clicked , all records from the service should be displayed in the Parent component.

Q.13 Write a JQuery script which changes the default dimensions(width,height) of an image and background color to blue. Image should be in the center of the web Page.

Q.14 Create an HTML page and make an image on it. Aplly the fadeIn, fadeOut,fadeToggle, hide, show, Toggle effect on the same image. For every effect a seperate button
   should be defined.

Q.15 Make a Javascript function which changes the background color of the body. Make anoher function which takes a string as Input and apply all string related functions
   on the string passed.

Q.16 Create an XML code and JSON code to store the following information about a city.
   Store 5 cities records

   Cities 
         city--> name,population,area   
