Q.1 Create a structure Student ( rollno, name), Create a structure variable and Access the members using structure variable.
Q.2 Create a structure pointer which can access the members of the structure Student and print member values.
Q.3 Create an array of structure which is used to store 3 employee records.
Q.4 Create a float pointer which points to the float array and access all elements of array using float pointer
Q.5 Create an integer pointer for which memory is allocated dynamically.
Q.6 Create a stack of 5 characters and display all elements.
Q.7 Create a stack of 5 names of employees and delete the last name and display it. 
Q.8 Create two stacks A and B . A contains 3 alphabets and B contains 3 numbers. Display Both stacks.
Q.9 Create a queue which contains 5 double values and print all values.
Q.10 Create a queue which contains 5 numbers and print the square value of every element of the queue.
Q.11 Create a stack which contains ASCII values for alphabets and print Alphabets.
Q.12 Take 10 numbers from user, Make two stacks as Even & Odd, Even stack contains even numbers , Odd stack contains odd numbers.
Q.13 Make a program to copy elements of one stack to another.
Q.14 Read 5 numbers from user and store it in a stack.
Q.15 Create a Link list of 5 nodes which stores information as a character.
Q.16 Write a program to count the number of nodes in the link list.
Q.17 Create a Link list of 3 nodes containing 3 double values and print the average of 3 numbers.
Q.18 Create a Link list of 5 nodes and print it in reverse order.
Q.19 Create a Link list of 3 nodes and delete the head node.
Q.20 Create a list of 3 city names and Enter a city to be searched in the list .If city name exists in list then Display City Found.
Q.21 Create an array of 5 integer values and search an element in the array using Linear Search.
Q.22 Create an array of string and search a perticular string using Linear Search.
Q.23 Sort an array of 5 numbers using Insertion sort.
Q.24 Make a tree which contains 3 nodes. A is Root node, B is left child and C is right child.
