Q.1 Create a servlet on extending HttpServlet class which prints a Welcome message on the WebPage.
Q.2 Create a Servlet which accepts two numbers as parameters in the form of query string and prints the sum,multiplication,Division,Subtraction
Q.3 Create a Servlet which accepts firstname & lastname from query string and display the fullname in Capital case along with length.
Q.4 Create 2 servlets and make a web.xml file in which a Integer value is defined as a parameter. First servlet is printing the square value of the parameter and second 
    servlet is printing the factorial of the parameter.
Q.5 Create 2 servlets and one web.xml file in which name is set as a parameter for first servlet and city is set as a parameter for second servlet. First servlet prints
    the length of the name and second servlet prints the city name in Capital case.
Q.6 Create a servlet which displays all records of a table.
Q.7 Create a servlet which accepts id from the URL and delete the record for that id.
Q.8 Create a form which accepts ID and City and saves the data in the database.
Q.9 create 2 servlets. In first servlet create an object of employee class which sets the attribute value for employee object .In second servlet retrieve the values
    of employee object and display all information about an employee.
Q.10 Create an Application which displays Marksheet of a Student.
    a) Create a servlet1 which takes marks of 5 subjects from Html page as marksentry.html. Also takes name of student. Insert record in database.
    b) Create a servlet2 which displays the result of all students on calulating percentage. Display Student name along with Percentage.
    c) Display Records Percentage wise in Descending order.
    d) Delete record of the student who got minimum percentage.
    e) Update name of the student who got Maximum Percentage.
Q.11 Create a Login Page where Username & password is entered. If username is "abcd" and password is "1234" then Display a message "Welcome abcd" on the second HTML 
     Page display.html .If Username or password is incorrect then Display the message "Invalid Username/password" in third webpage Invalid.html. Write code to validate
     username & password in a servlet
Q.12 Create a web page Form.html which accepts the user details like Username and password. If the length of password is less than 8 characters then send the response on
     the web page as error.html which displays message "Password should not be less than 8 characters" ,If password is valid the send the response to valid.html using 
     sendRedirect() method.
Q.13 Make a filter between the form.html in above question and a servlet. The filter will check the same validation above and sends the response to the valid.html if the
     password is valid. If password is invalid then display the form.html on giving a message "Password Invalid".
Q.14 Make a table stores records customers cid (primary key),cname, city,contact. create a webpage customers.html which is accepting the data from the text boxes.
     Make a filter which is applied on a servlet and checks the contactno. If contactno for any customer is same then record in the database table should not be added and
     a webpage failure.html will be displayed with message "Contact no can not be same" ,If contactno is different then display a Page named as Success.html shows 
     a message "Record Added successfully".
Q.15 Create a Listener Class which creates a table for a dynamic project and this table has 3 columns sno, city,temperature. Make a servlet which inserts the records for
     5 cities in the table.
Q.16 Create two JSP pages : Form.jsp and Display.jsp.
     Form.jsp has two fields as First Name and Last Name.
     Create a Filter CheckLength which is applied on Display.jsp, If the length of fristname & lastname is zero then Filter will send the response back to the Form.jsp
     otherwise it sends the request to Display.jsp which Displays the Full Name.
Q.17 Create a Jsp Page which takes the user data like name and contact no  and sends the data to another Jsp page which accepts the data and checks if the 
     username and contact is not empty then it stores the data in the database table.
Q.18 Create a Jsp page which sends the data to the Servlet and Servlet displays the data dynamically.
Q.19 Create a form which takes firstname & lastname and display the fullname in other jsp page using EL.
Q.20 Make a Jsp Page where two textboxes as rollno and name. This page includes other page data where create a selection box to accept city value.Display Rollno,name
     and city on the page.
Q.21 Create a registration form which takes details of a customer and create a servlet which accepts the data and print it in another JSP page as Display.jsp.   
Q.22 Create a form.jsp which accepts two numbers from user and sends numbers to other jsp page in which compare two numbers using JSTL tag and display the largest number.
Q.23 Create a form.jsp which accepts username & password and submits the data to other jsp page which checks if the password is valid then sends the response to 
     success.jsp page which displays a message as "Valid Login" otherwise sends the response to failure.jsp which displays message "Invalid login" .Use JSTL tag to compare.
Q.24 Make a JSP page including 2 form fields in which one is hidden and display the Information on other JSP page including hidden information.
Q.25 Make a servlet which is called first as a Home page on running the project and this servlet is creating a form where Name, City(selection box) and Radio button
     and display the complete information in a JSP Page in tabular form.
Q.26 Create a Jsp page which takes name from user and calls servlet 1 , servlet1 calls servlet2 and servlet2 calls servlet3 .Servlet 3 displays the message as 
     Welcome Username.
Q.27 Create a JSP Page and forward the request from the page to outside application. (Nilesh)

Q.28 Create a servlet which is run using URL and display the parameter value which is passed as a name (vishal)

Q.29 Write a configuration of a parameter in xml file and display the parameter value in the servlet (Hemant)

Q.30 Create a JSP Page which sets the attribute value and sends the value in other page which gets value and display it. (Nimesh)

Q.31 Create a bean class which calculates the cube of the passed no from the web page and display the square on the JSP Page. (Abhishek) 

Q.32 Create two servlets ,servlet1 & servlet2 .servlet1 will be called first when you run project.
       Servlet1 takes username, password from user. When you click on submit button then Servlet2 will display message "Welcome username". 
   
Q.33 Create two servlets and Run the first Servlet file and set the employee object as an attribute in the first servlet and display the values of employee object
       in the second servlet. 
 
Q.34 Create a JSP Web page which have the fields name, email,city  and a submit button. Send data from this JSP page to the servlet .In this servlet you have to create
     a Logger .Log messages will be shown if the name ,and email is empty.If not empty then print all the details on the first JSP page.
     
Q.35 Create a Web page which has some dummy contents written in the page. Create a Selection Box which has three languages Hindi, English, Bengali. If you select any one
     language then the contents of the page should be displayed in the respective language.

Q.36 Generate a log file where the messages are stored after login to the web page .Message : Date & Time [Logged In]

Q.37 Create a maven project in which add data from the user into the database.

Q.38 Create a maven project which is a simple project in which take user input in a method of a class for which a Logger is created and a log file is maintained on the
     disk when all user details have been taken by user.
Q.39 Create an interface Account in a dynamic web project which has a method as Rate_of_interest(). There are two classes which are SavingAccout and CurrentAccount which are
     implementing the interface. Create a JSP Page which takes customer information as CustomerName,AccountType(selection Box) and Ammount. If a user selects 
     a Saving Account then returning Rate of interest will be 7.5 .If User selects Current account then  Rate of interest will be 5.5. Rate of interest is defined by
     the SavingAccount and CurrentAccount.Display information in other JSP Page.Get input from user in first JSP and Tranfer data to Servlet then Servlet transfers data to
     Second JSP page.

Q.40 Create a table customer_Details which stores the EmailID & password of the customer .EmailID is primary key.
     Create a Dynamic Project using Maven. There is a Customer class(Entity Class) which has emailID and Password as fields.
     Create a DAO class which sets the Email ID and Password in the table through the object of Customer class.
     Create a Servlet which displays the Email Ids of all cusomers.
     




















