Q.1 Create a table Result which stores the records of 5 students where the fields as 
    rollno, name, percentage
Q.2 Add a column in the Result table named as Grade
Q.3 Create a table marks which stores the marks of 5 subjects(physics,chemistry,maths,computer,english) and display the percentage. Store record of 5 students.
Q.4 Rename the table Result with StudentScore.
Q.5 Create two tables A and B where A has 3 columns and B has 2 columns , Copy last two columns from table A to Table B.
Q.6 Create a table which stores the information about a product . Fields are pid,pname,pqty,pcost. 
     a) Display records in ascending order of quantity.  
     b) Display records in descending order of product cost.
     c) Display record for the product where the cost is highest.
     d) Display the pid and pname of those products where the pcost is same.
Q.7 Create a table where insert 5 records like name,dob and city of a customer using single insert query.
Q.8 Create a table which stores the salary of 3 employees along with the name and display the names salary wise (highest first).
Q.9 Update the highest salary of the employee in above question to the minimum of all.
Q.10 create a table employee: eid, age, dept, salary. Show name of dept with lowest salary using group by.
Q.11 Write a query to perform following operations on the table :
      a) Create a table as Population :  State, popoulation
      b) Find minimum population
      c) Find maximum population
      d) find average population
      e) Display name of state population wise in descending order
      f) Display name of state population wise in ascending order
Q.12 Create a table ItemSales : Itemname, Sales, city  
     Display the following output (Create a query which displays the Total sales citywise)
      Item           Sales
      ----           -----
      RAM             4
      Hard Disk       3
      Mouse           1
Q.13 Make a table which stores the email id and password where password should not be saved if the length is less than 8 character.
Q.14 Make a table which stores the name and mobile no of customers. where mobile no can not saved in database if the mobile no is less than 10 digits.
Q.15 Create a table person which stores the ID,name,email where define ID as primary key.Create another table Birthday which stores date of birth and ID.
     Join both tables and create Foreign key in Birthday.
Q.16 Create a table where records of an employee is maintained . 
     Fields are EID (primary key), Ename (NOT NULL), officeno (Unique), DateOfJoining(NOT NULL),CompanyName(Default),Salary(Check is : salary > 0)
     Create PersonnelDetails : ID( Foreign Key ) , Addres (NOT NULL), contactno(NOT NULL , UNIQUE) 
     Join Both tables and Display output
Q.17  Create a table Students ---- Rollno( Primary Key ), 
                                   Name (NOT NULL)
  
      Create a table College ----- CollegeId ( Primary Key ),
                                   EnrollId (Foreign Key ), 
                                   College Name,
                                   AdmissionDate,
                                   ContactNo

  a) Join these tables and show the output as
                                            RollNo  , Name , College Name , Admission Date , Contact No 
  b) Remove Primary Key constraint from college
  c) Input the details of 5 students for a differnt college
  d)  Group all the students based on collegeName

Q.18 Create a table which stores PersonName(Not Null),Mobile(Unique),Address.  Create two views v1 and v2 on the table. v1 is read only but v2 is updatable.
      v1 shows personName and Mobile while v2 shows PersonName and Address.
      
Q.19 Create a PL/SQL Block which declares the radius of a circle and make a constant pi and assign values as 3.14 to it. Find the area of circle and Print area.

q.20 PRINT ALL ALPHABETS IN UPPERCASE IN DESCENDING ORDER
Q.21 PRINT ALL APLHABETS FROM a to z IN ASCENDING
Q.22 PRINT ALL EVEN NUMBERS BETWEEN 10 AND 30 USING WHILE LOOP.USE IF CONDITION TO CHECK.
Q.23 PRINT ALPHABETS IN REVERSE ORDER USING FOR LOOP.
Q.24 PRINT THE FACTORIAL OF A NUMBER USING FOR LOOP.
Q.25 Create an array of 5 names and print all names in Capital case.
Q.26 Create an array of 5 names and print all names with length in Capital case.
      "abc" ===>  ABC : 3 
Q.27 CONVERT A SMALL CASE LETTER TO UPPERCASE AND PRINT IT.
Q.28 Create a procedure which accepts one parameter as a radius of circle. Declare pi as constant in the procedure and calculate area of circle & print the area in 
     other PLSQL Block.
Q.29 create a procedure which accepts a single parameter as a integer and it is defined as IN OUT .Procedure returns the cube of the number.
Q.30 Create following procedures :
     Employee : eid (primary key),name (Not NULL), age (NOT NULL)
     a) Create a table
     b) Pocedure 2 inserts 5 records where age of employee is greater than 18.
     c) Procedure 3 updates a record based on the employee id.
     d) Procedure 4 deletes a record based on employee id.
     e) Procedure 5 shows all records.
     f) Procedure 6 shows the record based on employee id.
     g) Procedure 7 arranges all records age wise in ascending order.
Q.31 Create a function which accepts your name as a parameter and age and returns the following string as an output :
     Ex:  Input Name :  abcd 
          Output     :  ABCD 24
Q.32 Create a function which is applied on the following table : EMPLOYEE (ename , salary)
     Function will return the avg salary of employees.
Q.33 Create a procedure to see a record of an employee in Q.30 . Make a record variable in the same procedure . Using the record variable show the name and age.



















