1.Create a Table of 3 columns and 4 records . Headings are : Sno, Name, Photo.
2.Create a hyperlink on the web page and this link will switch to other webpage. In second page there is a link as "Back" which will display the first page.
3.Create a Paragraph and apply the tags on this paragraph : bold,italic,underline, Mark, strike ,superscript and subscript, emphasis,strong,big.
4.Create an image in the web page which has the width as 300 and height as 400 and display the title as "MyImage". Create same image as a hyperlink , clicking on the image will 
  show the description about the image.
5.Create a list of 3 website names and create every list item as a hyperlink.  
6.Create a HomePage where a unorderd list is created in which the list items are the hyperlinks . On clicking a hyperlink the respective page should open.
7 Create a LoginPage in which background color of textbox should be skyblue. Placeholder should be applied and password length must be atleast 8 characters.
8 Make a page where create a selection box of cities and a textarea where the information about city is to be entered. Once click on submit button the data is to be 
  stored in the database table as City along with description.
9 Make an ordered list in reversed manner.
10 Make a Page which includes contents of a text file in the middle of the page. Create two such pages and link them together using hyperlinks. Add some header and footer
   in both pages where header background color should be pink and some text is displayed as heading. Footer will display the todays date in (dd-mm-yyyy) in red color in
   center of the page.
11 Make a form which accepts name and date of birth of a person and stores it in the database.Use date type to take date of birth.
12 Create 3 input text boxes and a submit button. Apply the background color for all text boxes as pink using class selector and change the font color of the submit button
    using the id selector.
13 Create a group selector to set the padding (25px) of a division and a paragraph text.
14 Create a division and set the left & top margin to 20px and 30px and also set the background color to green and padding to 50px.
15 Make a table with collapse border and color of border is Blue and alignment of text should be bottom right. Background color of the heading should be pink . Font size
   of text written inside table body is 20px.
16 Take three integer variables in Javascript.Assign values to first two variables. Print the Sum in the Heading tag and console window.
17 Assign firstname & lastname and print the full name in the alert box.
18 Display the image with the border 5px , Brown color and image should be displayed in the right of the page along with the Paragraph .Set the image width and heigth
   to 150px and 150px.
19 Create a JSP Home Page with a Menu bar in it. Create 3 web pages and make a menubar for these links as a vertical menu bar. When clicked on any link , the respective
   webpage should be displayed and all web pages should be linked to each other.
20 Create a form with 2 fields and set the Autofocus property to the first field.
21 Create a Hyperlink and apply the linkcolor accordingly : 
   Activelink : yellow
   visitedLink: Green
22 Create a Javascript file which is included in HTML Page.In this file Assign Name , age and City of a person and display these values as a heading in Red color.
23 Create a Javascript function which accepts a number and returns the cube of the number and print the cube.
24 Make a function expression which returns the area of circle where PI should be defined as constant.
25 Make an integer array of 5 numbers in a function and print the average of array.
26 Create an array of 5 names and print the last two names on creating subarray. Add a name in the 2nd index of the array and print array in reverse order.
27 Make an Object as person which has firstname and lastname and print the Full name in capital.
28 Create an array of 5 cities and print the city names in reverse order.
29 Take two numbers as input in the dialogbox and calculate sum and print it.
30 Create a confirm box on giving some message.If User clicks Ok button , then background color of the body should be green, If user clicks on cancel button then 
    background color should be red.
31 Make a form in Javascript where 2 text boxes accept numbers. Create 4 buttons ADD,SUB,MUL,DIV. When clicked on a button display the Answer in Heading tag.
32 Create a Registration form where name,age,city(select box),email and a submit button. Form should not be submitted if age is less than 18.
33 Create a form to accept password and username .3 text boxes for Username, Password and Retype Password. If Both passwords are matched then only form should be 
   submitted and display the username in the servlet.
34 Create a JSON data which contains book information for three books. Access all the details of every book like bookid,booktitle,bookprice.
35 Create a Javascript object which has a property as StudentName,StudentSkills (Array) . Convert this object to JSON.
36 Create 3 buttons named as Red, Green, Blue. When clicked on any button the page background should be changed according to the button.
37 Create two buttons red and green .Change the font color of the first element of 2 unordered list according to button.
38 Display numbers from 1 and 10 sequencially. All Odd numbers should be printed in Red color and Even numbers should be displayed in Green Color.
39 Create an image on the web page width : 150px, height : 150px. Make a button where write a JQuery code to increse the width and height of image on Clicking the button 
   and border width should be changed to 15px and color will be Red.
40 Make a paragraph and a button . When clicked on the button then paragraph color should be changed to red and then font size of the paragraph should be changed.
41 Create a Login Form where Username and Password is to be taken in the textbox. The Login form should be hidden When click on the button and also should be displayed 
   when clicked again.
42 create div tag with predefined parameters : width :300px, height:300px ,backgroundcolor = red. When move the mouse over the division then height and width should be 
   increased and color should be changed and when you leave the division area the original width , height and color should be displayed.
43 Create two paragraphs p1 and p2. When clicked on the first paragraph the second paragraph should be given the effect of slidingup and sliding down.
44 Create an Anonymous function in Typescript where function take firstname & lastname as parameters and returns the full name. Display fullname.
45 Create an arrow function in typescript which accepts a number as a parameter and returns the square of a number.
46 Make an anonymous function which accepts a number and calculates the factorial of the number and print it.
47 Make a function which accepts two arguments as first name and last name, If lastname is not passed then default lastname should be displayed with firstname.
48 Make a function with optional parameter. This function accepts only one parameter.
49 Create a class Box. Create 3 properties as length,breadth and height of the box. Create a function which calculates the the volume of the box . A function display()
   will display the volume along with the property values.
50 Create an Array of 5 integers and display the average using for..in loop.
51 Create a tuple which has a string , number and boolean as a first ,second and third value. Display the array elements.
52 Create two textboxes as name and age of a person in a component as a child of Root component.Create a button as submit. Once clicked on this button , some handler
    should be called which will display the name and age in the alert box.
53 Create two components A and B which are the child of Root. Component A shows the text box with a button. Component B displays an unordered list of item.
54 Create a Component which has 3 variables as rollno, name and Pass/Fail status(boolean). Assign  default values to these variables and print the values in the view
    as a table format.
55 Accept two nos in a component from the text box. Make single button "Calculate". When button is pressed then Addition,Subtraction,Multiplication and division
   should be displayed in the view.
56 Create a textbox and a button in the component. Enter any string . If the string length is more than 5 characters Then a message should be displayed on the view
    as "String is valid"
   

 
