1) Create a folder in home directory and create 5 files out of which two files are docs and 3 files are text files. 
  a) find the current path of home.
  b) change path from home to that folder.
 c) list only doc files.
 d) list all files
 e) Go to home directory

2) Make a folder MyFolder on Desktop and Do following operations :
  a) Create two Folders folder1 and folder2 inside MyFolder.
  b) Create 2 files as A.txt and B.txt in folder1 using touch command 
  c) Write some contents in A.txt and B.txt using cat command.
  d) Again Write contents in A.txt without overwriting previous contents.
  e) Write some contents in B.txt on overwriting its previous contents.
  f) Create two files as C.txt and D.txt in folder2 inside MyFolder.
  g) copy A.txt  from folder1 to folder2 with same name as A.txt.
  h) copy the file A.txt from folder2 into home folder.
  i) List all files in folder2 and folder1.
  j) copy file D.txt from folder2 into folder1 with different name as E.txt.
 
3) Create a file where Product details in following manner :
        Use cat to create a file named as product.txt
        Laptop 30000
        Mouse 250
        Keyboard 300
        PAN-Drive 300
       
      Search Products by name and by price.

4) a)  create two users user1 and user2 .
       b) Add user user1 to user2 group.
       c) Create a file file.txt in user2 Desktop.
       d) Remove write permission from the group of user2.
       e) Access file.txt from user1 Account. 

5) Create a folder in home directory and change its permission to 444.

6)  Do the following :
       a)  Search a word "Hello" in a file.
       b)  Find all files and its sub directories in the home folder.
            Find only files.
       c)  Replace Hi with Hello in a file.
       d)  Create a file in user1 and remove read permission for a file and access
             this file from other user.
       e)  Create a file with permission 554.
        f)  Copy a file contents into the file opened in nano editor.

7) Display the day of the week as "Mon" using cut command with date.

8) Create an array of 5 names and display all names.

9) Write a shell script where user enters a number .
       if the number is even then print "Even number"
       if the number is odd then print "Odd number"

10) Write a shell script to enter marks of 5 subjects of a student and calculate 
        Percentage of marks where Total marks = 500

11) Write a cronjob which saves the current date in a file at home folder at 6 pm .
